(horns honking)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(movie reel clicking)
(soft dramatic music)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- The Valley. as it is today.
Look at it. the air still
stinks of corruption.
The aftermath of nearly
seven decades of greed.
The capitalists controlled
every aspect of this steel town.
Laying waste to anything good in its path.
(dog barking)
I was born into it. product
of my environment they say.
I knew better. but it
still swallowed me whole.
My family was big in
these parts back then.
Especially where yours is from.
This is what built and
destroyed this town.
Time changes everything.
In order to move forward.
you gotta go back.
See all those mountains that you climbed.
only then can you truly
appreciate the destination.
- [Charlie] Your mom's
not gonna be too happy
when she finds out. you know.
- He started it. he
stole my baseball glove.
- Son. violence is the last resort.
You gotta learn to keep your cool
till it's time not too.
- [Man In Suit] Shut up. shut up!
Your mother's talking to you. shut up!
- [Lady] It wasn't his fault.
- [Man In Suit] What the hell
is the matter with you. huh?
- [Lady] It wasn't his fault.
- Shut up!
- He called you a coward
for trying to leave the family.
- [Charlie] Don't you fight my
battles for me. you hear me?
- Yes sir.
- Besides. it was coming
from his drunk of a father.
- Shut up
- It wasn't his fault.
- [Dad] What you wanna. you wanna mess
with your old man now?
Is that the best you got?
- [Lady] No. don't Billy.
(man grunting)
(body thudding)
- You stay here. you hear me.
- Stop. stop.
- Huh?
- [Man] I said shut up. I'm sick of this!
(skin smacking)
(lady groaning)
(lady whimpering)
Well. isn't it the yellow
belly Enzo to the rescue.
(skin smacking)
(body thudding)
(man laughing)
- Jimbo's not gonna like you
messing around in our affairs.
- You two get in the
car. I'll take you home
after he sobers up.
- Hey. Tommy Gun Soreno.
I'm talking to you.
- [Charlie] I'll tell you what Michael.
I'm gonna give your dumb
Cleveland ass a pass on this one
because you can't help yourself.
But if I hear about any more
bruises on Jeff over there.
or if I hear about any more on your wife.
your gonna need more than Jimbo's help.
'Cause I'm gonna break every
fucking bone in your body.
one by fucking one!
- Yeah. well all your ghost
stories don't scare me.
- Sorry that had to happen to your boy
and you too Mrs. Torin.
- (sobbing) He's getting worse.
- You two can stay with us on the farm
as long as you'd like.
- Thank you Charlie.
- You're welcome ma'am.
Son. apologize to Jeff.
- But--
- No buts.
- Fine. I'm sorry Jeffery.
- I'm sorry too Lou.
for stealing your glove
and you too Mr. Soreno.
- That's okay.
You see. friends again.
(dramatic music)
- You're gonna get yours
Tommy Soreno. soon.
(explosion booming)
(phone ringing)
- Hello?
Yeah. hold on a second.
Honey. it's Jimmy.
Hold on.
When are you gonna quit smoking
those disgusting things?
- Maybe when you start putting out again.
Yeah. Jim.
He did what?
You tell him to meet me
out at the rock mine.
Have Tim and Johnny pick me up.
(phone dinging)
(thunder booming)
- [Reporter] Breaking news.
terror strikes at the heart of yet
another Youngstown family.
- Oh shit. (laughs)
- [Reporter] Bringing the total
to 23 victims this past year.
For the second time this week.
this has been showed by a car bomb.
This time taking the lives of two.
a father and son. and severely
injuring his second boy.
Police are scouring the
streets to find the suspect.
But little hope is given
to find the mad bomber.
- These freaking lops. (laughs)
(engine roaring)
(laughs) Boom. did you see that?
Of course you did. everyone did.
They left a crater. (laughs)
Man. I wish I could've found that Tommy.
but oh well.
Mr. Mancini. you have to be pleased.
- Pleased. yeah pleased.
Well I am not fucking pleased!
I said just Charlie. huh. what did you to?
What did you do?
Blow up his two kids while you're at it.
Get him up.
Sick fuck!
(man groaning)
- But Mr. Mancini. I did what you asked.
- [Mr. Mancini] I did
not ask for this okay.
you know the fucking rules.
- But you owe me.
- I owe you. (chuckles) owe you.
Hey. who the fuck's this
guy think he is. huh?
You know who I fucking owe now?
Charlie's family. for life.
I not only took out that woman's husband.
but her eldest son too.
God only knows if the
youngest one will survive.
That's who I fucking
owe. you piece of shit.
- [Killer] Mr. Mancini.
- Jim. get rid of pyromaniac child killer.
I got no more use for him.
You send him to hell. burn
him. where he belongs.
- [Jim] Yes boss.
(gun banging)
- Funny thing.
- [Mobster] Jim. get me
the gas can and the flares.
- After that night. someone pulled my mom
into a side room as the hospital
and told her that all my medical bills
had been paid for by an anonymous donor.
By the time we got home.
the garage was fixed.
along with the side of the house.
Plus. a few weeks later.
she received a contribution
from the neighborhood. just
to get us back on our feet.
Never did find out who
was behind all that.
but it was a nice homecoming.
taking into consideration
what we'd been through.
By the time I was healthy.
good old Vito took me under his wing.
So it began my journey into the abyss.
(dramatic music)
(rain pitter-pattering)
♪ Took the wrong path again ♪
♪ Can't make any sense of it at all ♪
♪ Try and try again ♪
♪ Bound to make it after all ♪
♪ Whispers and words in my head ♪
♪ Tell me everything's
gonna be all right ♪
♪ I have to wait and see ♪
♪ See what faith may bring ♪
♪ But at least I know it's right ♪
♪ After all ♪
♪ I've done ♪
♪ I can't stay. but I can't leave ♪
♪ Don't even know what I believe ♪
♪ On the other side of all these lies ♪
♪ Is the life I can't conceive ♪
♪ The melody never fails ♪
♪ The guilty cards get me awake ♪
♪ I can do anything ♪
♪ If I could just break through this day ♪
♪ After all ♪
♪ I've done ♪
♪ Right is right. right is wrong ♪
♪ Take so much to be strong ♪
♪ Make my way through all the pain ♪
♪ Find out where I could be wrong ♪
♪ The memories will never fail ♪
♪ But my dreams don't have to wait ♪
♪ I could do anything ♪
♪ If I just set myself straight ♪
♪ After all ♪
♪ I've done ♪
- [Louis] Time changes everything.
As fate would have it. I wound up
back under the steel curtain.
- You shoulda seen that guy.
all dressed in his new
JCPenney catalog suit.
- Louis] There's my pal. Jeffery Torin.
- He laid down all his money
on the table and guess what?
- [Both] Flop!
- [Louis] Ah Jeff. my
fest friend and partner.
After my father and brother were killed.
his mom and brothers
used to stop by the house
and bring us dinner now and then.
And my mom really appreciated that.
His dad. of course. never came around.
which wasn't too big a loss.
And we used to play in
the backyard for hours.
Running around and
getting into adventures.
Jeff really helped me get through
some tough times in my life
and he's been there for me more than once.
- The dice were fucking loaded.
- [Louis] Of course they were.
I bet that made Mancini happy.
- It did. tell the scumbag tried to grab
all his lost money and
get the fuck outta there.
- Aw.
- You do that back in
the day at Jungle Inn.
they'll be feeding you to fucking Wilbur.
(man laughs)
- Bet that new Penney suit'll
need some dry cleaning.
- That and he won't be
able to play the clarinet
very well for a while. (chuckles)
- You see. in this town.
didn't matter who you were.
You obey capo law to the letter or else.
- [Jeffery] Oh.
- Whoa. hey Jeff. Lou.
You guys scared me.
What can I do for you fellas?
- [Jeff] Mancini wants to see you.
Come on.
- It wasn't unusual for
us to entertain people
who opposed capo law.
But tonight. it felt a little different.
You caught on quick to
keep your mouth shut
or you wound up with lead poisoning.
- So Mr. Mancini. what can I do you for?
- I think we're having some
trouble with our communication.
- What. what. what do you mean?
- You took it upon yourself
to violate our agreements.
- [Bill] Agreements. no.
- No. sir.
- [Bill] Yes. sorry.
Sorry. no sir.
- Well then why did you try
and shoot the fleeing DeFrange here?
When he pulled that botched
jewelry store robbery a week ago.
- You said because of that thing.
The Chicago thing.
- Chicago?
Did something happen in Chicago?
I pay you to protect my interests.
When I give a man a job.
that means I'm instilling in
them a certain level of trust.
So am I trusting the wrong person. Bill?
- No.
- Because I thought you could
handle a simple little job
to protect my interests.
If I can't trust you to protect it.
how can you trust me to protect you?
- Yes. yes I understand.
I understand completely.
You can trust me. please
give me another chance.
Mr. Mancini.
- Yeah I know. Bill.
I know. Bill. people make mistakes.
The secret is to learn from them
so we don't repeat those mistakes.
Yeah. I'll give you a second chance.
But you will have to apologize.
- Yes. I'm sorry. I'm
very sorry Mr. Mancini.
It will never happen again.
- There we go. all settled.
You just go on back to business as usual.
Don't worry about Mr. DeFrange here.
Oh cheer up. Johnny boy.
He said he was sorry.
Take him back to work boys.
- [Mobster] Let's go.
- [Mr. Mancini] You too. Johnny.
I'm through with you.
Oh hey. Louie.
- [Louie] Yeah. boss.
- Could you give this to your
mom when you get a chance?
- Yeah.
- I didn't want to forget her anniversary.
That's a little something
special from Dianne and I.
- [Louis] Thank you Mr. Mancini.
(upbeat jazzy music)
- Now get the fuck outta here. huh.
Wait over there for us.
- Mancini always had this
clever charm about him.
That brought out the best
and the worst in people.
- Jeffery. you coming to
Dianne's party tomorrow?
- Of course I'm coming boss.
- All right. I'll talk to you then.
- Okay. thank you.
Hey Lou. you wanna get some eat in
after we drop his ass off?
- Definitely.
- [Agent] Look at that prick.
smiling at the cameras.
- Yeah. keep waving asshole.
It's only a matter of time.
- [Louis] Everyone knew
to keep their mouths shut
about business when the
flower truck was around.
I still don't know why
they weren't less obvious.
Hey. so what's he wanna
see you 'bout tomorrow?
- Probably business at
the club or something.
Said something 'bout bringing
some dancing girls in from Kansas.
You know Diane fancy the erotic. huh.
(men laughing)
- Yeah. that's for sure.
- Hey ma'am. could you top her off please?
- Sure. yeah one sec.
- Thank you.
She's beautiful.
It doesn't matter anyway. 'cause Maggie
wanted to go to Diane's
after to celebrate.
Said she wanted some new
expensive China set or some shit.
You know how women are.
- [Louis] Yeah.
- Speaking of Maggie. I
actually gotta give her a call.
Thank you.
- Sure no problem. how
'bout you. want some?
- Uh.
- Have another cup.
I gotta call her. you know
how she freaks out right?
- Yeah.
- I'll take that.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. so what are
you guys up to tonight?
- Ah. not much.
You know we just had to go
pick a couple of things up
and drop 'em off.
- So you're just like
errand boys? (laughs)
- No. I wouldn't say that's all we are.
- Well. you're getting more
interesting by the minute.
- Hey. what about you?
I haven't seen you in here before.
Normally it's good old
chain-smoking Doris.
- Well. come back more
often and you'll find out.
Excuse me. sir.
- Excuse me.
Oh sorry sir.
- Fuck your sorries.
- What?
- Hey Jeff.
- Can you believe this fucking guy?
- Fuck him.
- Can I get some service
around here or what?
- [Waitress] One second. so sorry.
- [Customer] And a coffee?
- Yeah. sure.
Sorry. it's just really
late and we're short-handed.
- Yeah. come on with this.
- What's wrong with this guy?
- Good job.
- Yeah. for sure.
- Hey. could you do your damn job
and get me a creamer that's not curdled?
- I'm so sorry. I'll be right back.
- You ready to go?
- What the fuck do you want?
- Just paying my bill.
- Well you can go stand
somewhere else queer bait.
(Louis gasping)
- Queer. how?
(men groaning)
(glass breaking)
(upbeat music)
Come on lil fuck. huh.
who's the queer bait now?
Get up. what you gonna do now. huh?
- Yeah. what now bitch.
- You motherfucker. who's
the fucking queer. huh?
Apologize Super Mario.
apologize. let's go.
Come on Lou. let's go.
Come with me. baby.
- Whoa. what the hell happened out here?
- Nothing. just paying my bill ma'am.
Oh. I mean Wendy.
- Well the owner actually said your bills
are on the arm.
- Well yeah. but that doesn't mean
I can't tip for good service.
- [Waitress] Good service?
- Yeah. I mean none has been better.
Oh and hey. the gentleman
that was sitting here.
- [Waitress] Yeah.
- He had to beat it.
He accidentally spilled
his coffee on his way out.
I don't know what his problem is.
- Really.
- Yeah. oh and actually left
you this for your trouble.
- [Waitress] I don't believe you.
- Hey. Scout's honor.
- Yeah. you're no Boy Scout.
- (laughs) Oh yeah. you caught me there.
Hey. but the rest is true.
And you know what. let me
help you pick up the mess.
- So you can stare at my ass?
- Why else?
- Let me go get a mop.
- [Jeff] You hear me?
(men screaming)
- I have all the big glass pieces.
- Well thank you. I'm sorry. your name.
- [Lou] Louis. you can call me Lou.
- Well I guess you can run
off with your friend. Lou.
I got the rest. but thank you. really.
- [Lou] Sure.
- Hey. why don't you come back
and we can talk some more.
- To you. I'll be back every night.
(Wendy chuckling)
- Oh great.
(man screaming)
- Why. you're not such a
fucking tough guy now. huh?
- [Customer] Please.
- It's not right to pick on a woman.
I ever see you in that fucking
diner again. I'll kill you!
I like that fucking diner!
I ain't the bad guy!
What took you so long?
- What are we gonna do
with the fucking trash?
- I don't know man. he
look like he can't even
take a beating like a
fucking man. fucking pussy!
Tough guy!
I say we drop his ass over an overpass.
Huh. overpass. ass. fucking rhymes.
- You're fucking crazy bro.
- Shit.
- Let's just take him to the station
and let Bill handle it.
- What. when did you become
such a softy. Lou. fuck?
- [Customer] Help.
please. I'll do anything.
- Shut up. bitch!
- One thing you learn
being in Mancini's crew. always
treat women with respect.
Jeff really took that to heart.
(man screaming)
Now Jeff was determined to be
different than his old man.
Though. the apple doesn't fall
far from the tree sometimes.
as he was never home for Maggie.
(Jeff snoring)
(glass breaking)
- [Maggie] Where the fuck
have you been Jeffery?
(Jeffery coughing)
- [Jeffery] Jesus Christ.
- [Maggie] Where?
- Jesus. I'm home aren't I?
- [Maggie] Where. what. were you out
fucking one of your whores?
- No. no I wasn't!
- [Maggie] You knew I had a
special night planned for us.
I spent all day cooking.
- Cooking?
- [Maggie] Yeah. you piece of shit.
- Babe. I'm sorry.
- Babe. don't you babe me.
Jeff. don't you babe me.
(glass breaking)
- Oh my god. you psycho!
Babe. I'm sorry.
Don't you fucking throw
that at me. don't you dare.
- I'm pissed.
- [Jeff] No. don't.
(body thudding)
Aw. goddammit!
Maggie. I had to work.
- You always have to work.
You're always putting the
family's needs before ours.
- I'll put our needs first.
is that what you want?
- Yeah. good.
- Just calm down.
Oh my God. dammit Maggie!
Vito had me doing things for
him. I couldn't get away.
- I don't care. you promised!
- [Jeff] I love you. babe. you...
Dammit. yes I do.
Maggie. yes I do.
- If you did. you would've
been home. (sobbing)
Tonight was special Jeffery.
it was our anniversary.
- Babe. what are you talking about?
We got married on New Year's
six year ago. and it's July.
- Not our wedding anniversary you dipshit.
Our engagement anniversary.
- Come on Maggie. are you serious?
Who the fuck remembers engagement
anniversaries honestly?
- Well that's just it Jeffery.
you don't remember anything.
- That's not true. I remember
Diane's birthday today.
- Diane's birthday party.
you fucking remember
Diane's birthday party!
- Oh. for you I remember it.
- For me. for me?
You probably just said that because Vito
had to remind you last night.
- [Jeff] That's not true.
- Really?
- Really.
(Maggie sobbing)
I remember something else too.
- Oh yeah?
What?
- I remember exactly what you like.
(Maggie gasping)
- You did remember.
Oh Jeff.
(phone buzzing)
(Phone ringing)
- The life of a. I'll say businessman
can be trying at times.
Long hours spent in dark alleyways
can really take a toll on ya.
Both mentally and physically.
Hello.
Yeah Ma. I'll be there.
But then again. so can your own family.
(soft dramatic music)
I've been in and out of a
lot of houses my entire life.
both in town and out of town.
But one thing always
remains a constant. my mom.
- Took you long enough.
where have you been?
- [Lou] I'm here.
- Oh. (kissing loudly). come on.
Let's go. we're gonna be late.
- I got you flowers.
- Oh sweetheart. they're beautiful.
They're perfect for your
father and your brother.
- I got them for you.
- Oh stop it. is traffic bad?
- No. it was fine.
- Happy anniversary. my love.
- You see. after my dad
and brother passed away.
we were left out on our feet.
(mom sobbing)
Even though my father didn't
get along with Mr. Mancini.
he still took us under
his wing after Pop died.
We owe everything to him.
- I thought you'd like
another one of your toys
to play with. Johnny.
You're lucky Louis. lucky
they didn't take you that day.
- I know. Mom. I know.
- [Ma] You know. your
dad never really wanted
any of the is for you.
He worked so hard trying to get out.
- Yeah Ma. I know.
- That's why we started that
farm. he loved those animals.
Why can't you just. why can't
you just find a nice girl.
settle down somewhere warm.
- I don't know. it's tough.
Mancini really expects a lot.
(Ma sighing)
He really helped us out a
lot when Dad and Johnny died.
He didn't have to.
- Your dad just always
thought he was a puppet.
You know what I'd really like to see?
- [Lou] No Ma. what?
- [Ma] You. happy again.
- Ma. I am happy.
♪ Happy birthday dear Diane ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
(everyone cheering)
(everyone clapping)
- Vito Mancini was known
for conducting meetings during events.
It allows him to kill
two birds with one stone.
Spend time with his friends and family.
while making it absolutely
fucking impossible
for audio surveillance.
- [Jeff] Thank you so much for having us.
Maggie's really excited to be here.
- Diane wouldn't have it any other way.
- Was it it you wanted to see me about?
- [Vito] Straight to the point.
(static buzzing)
Respect.
- You know this would be
a hell of a lot easier
if you didn't use the damn cell phone
around all this gear.
- Hey Princess Leia. I'm
trying to call my kid.
- I'm just saying. doesn't really help
with the interference.
- Can't really see anything.
Could you have parked any further away?
- Yeah. go fuck yourself.
- Would everyone just shut up.
- Jeffery it seems we
have a rat in our midst.
- [Jeff] You believe what the
cop was saying about DeFrange?
- I don't need to believe him.
I sent him there to kill him.
- You telling me you knew DeFrange
was an informant from beforehand?
- Jeffery. things under my
watch don't go unnoticed.
I suspected DeFrange's
allegiance was elsewhere.
After I got word that his cousin
from the Windy City was nabbed.
no charges ever filed on him.
I have many moles Jeffery.
They keep me apprise of
all my family matters.
- Thank you Honey Bunny for
the gifts and the party.
- Mmm. oh you are welcome.
Oh. would you get me another
while I finish up talking to Jeff here?
- Of course.
- You're a lucky man.
- Jesus. don't I know it.
- Let me ask ya.
- [Vito] Hmm?
- Why didn't you just
whack DeFrange at the house
last night by yourself?
- [Vito] 'Cause I want
you to dispose of it.
- Vito. I can't do that.
I'm. he's a made guy.
He's got a wife and kids. what about them?
- Yes. I know it. Jeff.
I'll take care of it.
- Come on. we gonna get this audio or not?
- I'm trying.
- Jesus.
- Jesus. I'm trying.
- Why is she even here?
She's worthless.
- You know why. Agent Burns.
She was the best young
trainee out of Quantico.
Just like you were a few years ago.
(static buzzing)
- And I talked to the
families about the matter.
They want it done quietly.
so as not to arouse
any attention from the FBI. (laughs)
- When you want this to be done?
- [Vito] Tonight.
- [Diane] Here's a drink for my big man.
(Vito laughing)
(kissing loudly)
- Oh. oh. you are the devil. oh.
- Hey salud huh.
(audience laughing)
- Salud.
(Jeff speaking in foreign language)
- Oh damn. she is smoking hot.
- Yeah well. she stonewalled
us the other night.
- Bitch.
- We've got the feds so pissed off
at the newly wed Diane Mancini.
It was not that she didn't talk.
but how she went about doing it.
(upbeat music)
- Inhale. reach in low.
Gently start to fall.
(music drowning out speaker)
Walk your hands forward.
(door slamming)
- [Agent] Mrs. Mancini. we need to talk.
- Who the fuck are you?
- We're with the FBI. have a few questions
about your husband. Vincent Mancini.
- I should have known
by the two fucking suits
and the tacky shoes.
- [Agent] Mrs. Mancini. how aware of you
of your husband's affairs?
- Oh I'd say I'm pretty aware
of my husband's affairs.
- Oh well then you are pretty aware
of just how dangerous a
man your husband really is.
Look. you wanna share what you know.
and we could offer you a deal.
Maybe even protection.
(Diane laughing)
- You know. you're awful
tense for a man your age.
Maybe I could help you find your center.
I could teach you ways to find relaxation
in that tight body of yours.
- [Agent] Mrs. Mancini.
- Yes.
- Okay. Mrs. Mancini. you
can stop with the games.
You've got two choices here.
One. you can help us put Vincent Mancini
away for a long time
and you get a new name
and a nice house out in
Who-gives-a-fucksville.
Or if you're lucky. you'll be charged
as an accomplice when we
bring him down without you.
And I say lucky because Vincent Mancini
isn't the kind of man who likes lose ends.
You do know what happened
to the former Mrs. Mancini don't you?
Probably the same thing
that'll happen to you
once your end gets loose.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- That he had her killed
on a shopping trip to New York City.
Hey. that's right around the time
he met the current Mrs. Mancini wasn't it?
- I believe that's right. whoa.
- Fuck you.
You actually think you can harass me
into talking with your bullshit?
- [Agent] Bullshit. come here.
You call this bullshit?
The sick bastard had his own wife killed
while she was in the bathtub.
Strangled to death with her fucking bra.
(lady gasping)
Thrashing. fighting. till her last breath.
They didn't find her till
the following afternoon.
And don't think for one second
he won't do the same thing to you.
I am offering you a way out here.
Help us before he decides toss you aside.
Do you really wanna go to jail?
Or worse. tits up strangled
with your own goddamn underwear?
(dramatic music)
- I rarely wear underwear.
- Oh. you see what the
FBI didn't realize is.
Diane Mancini knew exactly
who her husband was.
And trust me. she was
no damsel in distress
who needed saving.
Now they met back in Chicago
when Vito was on business
and she was in this artsy play.
You know. the kind where they
wear more skin than costume.
Anyways. for the highlight of the show.
she comes out center stage.
up on a pedestal completely naked.
For Vito. it was love at first sight.
And it wasn't too soon after that.
that she felt the same way about him.
Only problem was. Vito's wife.
And who wants to deal
with a messy divorce?
I'll give you one guess whose idea it was.
- Well this has been fun boys.
but I've got things to do.
so if you'll excuse me.
Night boys.
- Well that didn't go as
well as I would have liked.
- That's okay. we'll
wear her down eventually.
- No. you won't.
(upbeat music)
John DeFrange. a pretty funny guy
if you weren't on the
butt end of his jokes.
He was always trying to
be the life of the party.
Got in him trouble a few
time. but luckily for him
the family was always
there to get his back.
Although lately. seemed
to be getting rather close
to Mancini and pushing
hard against Jeffery Torin.
That's pretty big no-nos.
since Jeff's whole family
had been taken by mob
heads during the Cold War
between Cleveland and Pittsburgh.
But that was before the family united
against the common goal.
ridding the town of the FBI.
- Well look. I it ain't the
two cornholers. (laughs)
So. what has old Vito
got us doing tonight?
- Mancini wants us to get--
- Hey. hey. hey. why
don't you grab me a pint.
while I talk to these guys.
- Why don't you kiss my ass.
- I better get my shots first! (laughs)
- You finish being a show clown?
- She felt like a he-she anyways.
Never mind me. it's not a penis
it's just my oversized
clitoris! (laughing)
You ever fuck one of those things before?
(man whistling)
It'll give you nightmares for a month.
What. not funny?
Okay. okay. all work and no play.
- Mancini wants us to scare
this country club worker a little bit.
- So what. we bop the guy?
- No. we don't bop the guy.
- Are you crazy. motherfucker?
- [John] People scare
better when they're dying.
that's all I'm saying.
- Okay Henry Fonda. look we ride together.
You're driving. your riding shotgun.
you're just so trigger happy man.
- That's the best you got?
That's not even an insult.
I love Steve McQueen
motherfuckers. lets ride! (laughs)
- Summer nights were crisp and dark
perfect for the underworld's dealings
of scaring the shit outta people.
But that night. Jeff has
something different in mind.
I still don't understand
why he didn't tell me prior.
- Make a left over here.
we're gonna go in the back way
so he won't see us coming.
- Bt the club isn't for another mile.
- Just fucking do it. Lou!
- Okay. that's gonna
be a long fucking walk.
- I need the fresh air anyway.
DeFrange hand me your gun.
- Fuck you. why?
- Because. I don't want
you killing anybody
'cause you're a fucking lunatic.
Plus Mancini wants this
to be done delicately.
- Well fuck him too. I'm not
giving you my gun cocksuckers.
- [Lou] Just fucking do it.
The sooner we get this done.
the sooner we can get home.
- Take it easy. Lou.
Fine. take the fucking gun.
I don't care. but I want it returned
in the order in which it was received.
- How 'bout I shove it up your ass
and pull the trigger. motherfucker?
- You wanna do it right now. cocksucker?
- Let's go.
- Let's go then.
Let's go. huh. kick your
ass. motherfucker. (laughs)
- [Lou] Sit the fuck down.
Jesus fucking Christ. I'm trying to drive.
Fucking bitch.
- [Jeff] Fucking Christ.
Lou. this is good. pull over here.
- [Lou] All right.
- DeFrange knew his fate.
he just wasn't allowing himself to see it.
And I knew too.
The moment we turned down
this godforsaken road.
Oh fuck.
- [John] Cut that shit out Jeff.
- [Jeff] How's your little cousin doing
after Chicago these days?
- [John] What the fuck you talking about?
(gun cocking)
Whoa. whoa. whoa. hey. but how did you?
- No buts. Mancini found out
and you know what's coming.
- [John] Jeff. I've got a wife and kids.
- [Jeff] That you treat like shit.
Now fucking stop giving
me crybaby bullshit.
- [John] Lou. Lou.
- Hey. don't look at me.
This Jeff's show.
- [Jeff] He had nothing to do with this.
Mancini wants this to be done quietly
as the not arouse the attention
of your little FBI buddies you queer.
- [John] That was my little
cousin. I had to do it.
He would never
make it inside.
- Not my concern.
open the trunk!
- Wait. wait. wait. what the
fuck did you put in my trunk?
- [Jeff] Don't worry about it.
open the fucking goddamn trunk now!
Move!
- In our line of work.
its only a few things
that can be in a trunk.
Golf clubs and a shovel.
- [Jeff] Pick it up!
- Fitting. gangster's burial. so to speak.
Now that I look back at it. kinda sad.
Yo. yo. yo. yo. you
sure you wanna do this?
He's fucking made.
- You don't think I know that Lou?
Mancini's orders. the family has spoken.
- Okay. but I'm not gonna be the one
buying his kids fucking
Christmas presents.
- Mancini's got that taken care of.
Hey you green tie joker bastard fuck.
you ready to be my bitch
caddy for the night. huh?
If you're lucky. maybe I'll let you live
to play all 18. huh.
Don't be scared. get on
your knees and crawl bitch.
get on your knees and crawl!
Go. move. move!
- Fuck.
It never felt right to me.
A man digging his own grave.
Torture. especially in my line of work.
it gets a man thinking.
Has him just waiting for the inevitable.
I'd rather die in the streets.
At least go out with some fucking dignity.
That's what this was all about.
A no name grave. swallowed whole.
dead in a fucking sand trap.
(DeFrange grunting)
- [Jeff] All right. that's enough.
Don't get tired.
- [John] I'm not done yet.
- [Jeff] I don't care John.
show some dignity. get out!
- [John] Please Jeffy. hey
Jeff. you don't have to do this.
I could go away. no one'll ever know.
You'll never see me again.
- Johnny. really?
- Yeah.
- You don't have to do this?
- [John] No. no.
- You hear that. I don't have to do this.
- [John] Yeah.
- Fuck you. I'm doing it.
You have any words you want to say
before I fucking kill you?
- [John] Yeah. you. fuck you.
- Fuck me. huh. huh?
(gun banging)
Fuck you!
Fuck you and the fucking boss!
- [Lou] Do you think you could've
given him some time to finish?
- Yeah sure. salivate a
little more. don't you think?
Fucking hungry. starving.
Maggie made some chicken parm.
wanna get the fuck outta here.
There's leftovers. you wanna come?
- Couldn't you have at least shot him
so he fell all the way
in the fucking hole?
- Got the hammer and snips?
- [Lou] No. why the
fuck would I have that?
I didn't even know this
was going on tonight.
- [Jeff] If you're gonna
fucking bitch at me.
I'll go get 'em.
- [Lou] Jeff. you really
need to see somebody.
- [Jeff] What are you talking 'bout?
- [Lou] A fucking shrink.
Jeff and I have dealt with
situations in the past.
But none so close to home.
I mean whacking one of our own.
that hasn't been done in a while.
And Jeff keeping me out of the loop.
that gives me knots in my
stomach just thinking about
what else might be planned in the future.
- Easy there Mr. Soreno. it's the tin man.
I just wanna talk for a few minutes.
- [Lou] Go fuck yourself.
That'll do you some good.
- I'd rather fuck my wife.
Listen. if you cooperate. I'll leave.
Must've been a real dirty job last night.
Well. if you ever wanna talk
about it. I'll be around.
Just think of me as your priest.
confess all and you shall be redeemed.
- I'm not getting on my knees for you.
- Hmm. well if it isn't
my favorite customer.
What can I get cha?
- Uh. I'll just have a cup of coffee.
- Black?
- Yeah. yeah.
- [Wendy] Cool.
What's wrong. is everything okay?
- [Lou] Not exactly.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
- Is it Sunday already. jeez.
- [Wendy] What do you mean?
- Hmm. it reminds me of my
mom after my dad passed.
She always used to take me to breakfast
every Sunday morning before church.
It was just us you
know. kind of our thing.
- Hmm. reminds me of my family too.
minus the breakfast though. we was poor.
Be right back.
- [Lou] Okay.
- [Wendy] Hey. what can I get you guys?
- [Mom] I'll have a water please.
- [Wendy] A water.
- [Child] Chocolate milk for me please.
- [Wendy] Chocolate.
- Orange pop for me.
- [Wendy] Awesome. I
shall get that for you
with extra chocolate.
- [Lou] Hey ah.
- Yep.
- I got their bill covered.
get 'em whatever they want.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- [Wendy] Why?
- Being a single mom can't be easy.
Lord knows mine had it pretty tough.
And I always had somebody
there to help me out.
so just kinda paying it forward.
Hey. I was looking at that.
- Well look like you could
use a home-cooked breakfast.
- Yeah. I could.
- Why don't you come out
with me to the country.
And I'll cook you something good.
Here you go. chocolate milk. what.
- It's funny. in a blink of an eye
sometimes things can
change for the better.
So when you say nice country breakfast.
what exactly do you mean?
- The best damn breakfast you ever had.
- [Lou] But why me?
- Hmm. just paying it forward.
(both laughing)
- Okay then. plus I haven't
been out to the country
in a long time. since I was a kid.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- So uh. how does a girl like
you afford a place like this?
- What. a waitress can't afford it?
- [Lou] Uh.
- No. my grandfather passed
away a few years back
and I inherited it from him.
And it's been really hard to
take care of this place alone.
- So what about your parents?
Why don't they help out?
- You mean my Petri dish
father. who I never met?
He left before I was born.
My mother. that's another story.
She was a drug addict.
Overdosed in front of me when I was four.
I rant out into the street screaming
for someone to help. but nobody came.
My grandfather picked me up
at the police station and took me in.
He was always so good to me.
He raised me to be a good person.
God knows where I'd be without him.
Anyway. enough of my dismal past.
So how is the food. any good?
- Ah. it's amazing.
I haven't had a meal
this good in a long time.
- Good. (chuckles)
- So. actually what am I supposed to do
to pay you back for this?
- That's a surprise. so you better eat up.
- Okay. (chuckles)
How do you feel about doing some cleaning?
- Hey for the chef. anything.
- Wheelbarrow's over there.
and the two back stalls.
- Aren't you gonna supervise?
- [Chuckles] I will. I'll be right back.
- Okay.
Oh man.
Man I must be seeing things.
Just like Frankie's song.
you're just too good to be true.
- Well hey there. cowboy.
Why don't you take a break and
take Cisco here for a ride.
- Okay. but I'm warning
you. it's been a long time
since I've been on one of these.
- I figured a man like you
knew how to take the reigns.
(relaxing music)
- Well. do you really
like your kind of work?
- Ah. it can be trying at times.
- What do you mean?
- Well I've never really
had a choice in the matter.
You see. my pop was brought
out here by the company.
and he ended up dying on the
job along with my brother.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- I don't get it though.
it doesn't seem like
this type of work suits
a caring guy like you.
I mean why. why don't you just leave?
- (chuckles) I wish I could.
I don't have anywhere to go.
I owe so much of my existence
to a friend of the family.
I mean he did so much for
us through the hard times.
He basically gave my mom the
house that she lives in now.
Plus if I did go. I'd be all alone.
You know at least here. I
have my friend Jeff and you.
- (laughs) Me. oh gosh. well yeah.
you're growing on me a little bit too.
- Oh thank you.
- So are you hot?
- Yeah. I mean it's kinda muggy.
- I have a surprise. I
think you'll like it.
I'm gonna go get Jasper. follow me.
- Okay.
Oh man.
This place certainly is beautiful.
I haven't been this relaxed in a long tie.
So how'd you ever found this spot?
- See that path right over there?
- Yeah.
- My grandfather took me for rides
and then he'd lead me here
to cool off in the water.
It used to be like my
own private vacation.
- [Lou] Oh. it certainly is amazing.
- [Wendy] Yeah. it reminds
me of better times.
Not that today is turning
out to be rather special.
- Oh yeah. you really mean that?
- Of course I do.
Look. I don't do things
that don't make me happy.
except my job. it's an income.
that's its only purpose.
and it puts you in my
freaking break in the morning.
- [Lou] Yeah. well we
all have to do things
that we don't want to do.
You know just to get ahead.
- Is that what you're
trying to do. get some head?
- (laughs) Who me. nah?
- Well what are you
expecting out of today?
- I don't know. you tell me.
I just took a beautiful waitress out
for some much need R&R out in the country.
- You really mean that?
- Of course I do. I wouldn't
have said it otherwise.
Good advice I learned
from a new friend of mine.
- [Wendy] Cute. cute. stealing the words
right out my mouth. yeah. (laughs)
- I'd rather steal a kiss.
- Then why don't you?
- Nah. I don't want to
make it too easy for ya.
Just stay here with me for
a lil while longer. okay?
I could've sat there
forever with her in my arms.
I was watching the water
cascade over the rocks
into the pool below.
It seemed peace had finally come over me.
It had been such a long time.
We had connected deep that day.
In a way that couldn't
be expressed into words.
The time. it seemed to
slow down to a stop.
So. I drank it in.
Walking up to my apartment.
I began to realize something.
Hope. (sighs)
I fucking thought I smelled bacon.
- Welcome home Mr. Soreno.
- [Lou] How'd you even--
- Hey you.
- Oh for fuck's sake.
- [Agent] I hope you don't mind.
I made myself a cup of coffee.
- [Agent] Oh and checked out your place.
- Do you have a permit for all those guns.
- Do you have a permit for being a cunt?
- [Agent] Oh. well yes I do.
- [Lou] So what the fuck do you want?
- Oh. it's not to be jerked
off. I can tell you that.
I fucked around enough with you dumb lops.
- Oh. you're tired of
being a little bitch?
Don't be tearing up on me now.
If any of you think I'm
gonna flip on Mancini--
- [Agent] And Degorgio.
- (chuckles) Speaking of jerking off.
Is that why you brought her along?
Yeah. you with the dick
sucking lips back there.
I bet you could cut the balls in a--
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Whoa honey. I was talking 'bout him.
- [Agent] Oh.
- Plus I can tell you know
your way around a cock
since you seem to have one.
- We know what you fellas
have been doing here.
With the illegal gambling.
We've had our ears to the
ground for a while now.
but suddenly it went deaf.
You know anything about that?
- Ears to the ground. what are
you fucking Indians now too?
It's feathers. not dots.
Fuck you. you had an
informant in our crew.
You think we didn't know that?
- Oh didn't you?
- Look. I'm giving you an out here.
- If you don't start cooperating.
we're gonna have to
throw every book at you.
- Oh yeah. what about the "Bible"?
Pretty sacrilegious don't you think.
since the three of you
were sworn in on it.
- Well it's not like
you even read it anyway.
I'm sure your father would be proud.
- Okay. I think it's about time
you get the fuck outta my house.
And if you ever think I'm
gonna flip on the family.
you're as sorely mistaken as his asshole.
Or hers.
- Oh family. is that what you call 'em?
Well mine never gave my dad and brother
a Youngstown tune-up.
- [Lou] Excuse you?
- Yeah. you didn't know?
Mancini's the one who put
a hit out on your pops.
- [Lou] What the fuck you say?
- Well. I wouldn't wanna be
serving a caretaker like that.
Yeah. we had evidence on the
hit he put out on your pop.
But. the box seems to have gone missing
due to corruption in the force.
Anyway. you have yourself a
good day there. Mr. Soreno.
- [Lou] It's Soreno.
- Oh. say hi to your ma for me.
And to that waitress. Wendy. too.
She's got a great ass!
When I see an ass like that. I don't know.
something comes outta me.
I fucking love Pacino.
- That was pretty close that time.
Bye-bye.
- I need a new job.
Shotgun.
- As if.
- The fucking prick with
the mind games. (scoffs)
No way he's telling the truth.
Nah. he just wants me to flip.
In fucking losing my edge.
I need to get some sleep.
(Lou sighing)
(intense banging)
In-fucking-credible.
Goddammit. who is it?
- Good fucking morning sunshine.
merry fucking Christmas.
Happy holidays. what's
with you locking the door
and not answering your phone?
- Ah.
- Ah. what are you gonna
do. lounge around all day
in your underwear. get dressed.
Mancini wants to see us.
Oh. get dressed. Maggie's
waiting in the car.
- [Lou] What for?
- I don't know. he probably
wants to talk to us
about last night or something.
He wants us over for dinner.
- Ah. okay.
- What. did you have
a hooker banging party
in here last night?
Why do you always fucking look
like a slob. Jesus Christ?
- Yeah. it's a long fucking story.
Seems I'm never here anyways.
- Look at me. Romeo. you don't look good.
Those beautiful eyes of
yours. they're slacking.
You need some sleep and
we need to get you laid.
- Yeah. I'm working on it.
Let's fucking go.
- Get your heat.
- [Lou] Hey. let's grab a
bottle of something on our way.
- [Jeff] Yeah. I'll grab a two liter
bottle of soda. that's it.
(Lou laughing)
- Normally it's an honor being
served from the boss' table.
but tonight. it felt a little different.
Made me on edge after the
whole John DeFrange thing.
Oh. amazing meal Mrs.
Mancini. it was delicious.
- Yes. thank you ma'am.
- Superb. I'm gonna have to get
the recipe from on on that dish.
- How 'bout right now.
it was my pleasure boys.
- [Vito] Thank you. honey.
- You're welcome.
Hey. Maggie and I are gonna
get desert ready for these two
and yours my dear. will be a little later.
- Ooh. (laughs) oh you
know exactly what I like.
- Yes I do.
- Don't you?
Sorry. just a bit of banter.
Anyway. I wanted to thank
you two for indulging
in my wishes last night.
- [Jeff] No problem. boss.
- Yeah boss. no problem.
- And I wanted to apologize.
for not letting you in the loop. Lou.
Yeah. I find it best if only one person
knows it's a hit.
- Thank you.
- It doesn't complicate things.
Especially if it's a
slippery snake like DeFrange.
You can never trust a rat.
His whole family are vermin.
Even his cousin David.
But I digress.
You two did real good. so good in fact.
management. both Cleveland and Pittsburgh
have decided to promote you.
- Promote?
- What?
- You two knuckleheads are
gonna be the first two made
in the last 12 years.
- That's fucking amazing.
- Mr. Mancini. we're honored. thank you.
- Don't thank me. you thank Paul Degorgio.
He's the one that approved the order.
- Lou. congratulations. congratulations.
- And you. young Jeffery.
better thank Francis Trimbou
when you see him on Friday.
It was his idea.
- What do you mean Friday?
- [Vito] That's when the
ceremony's gonna take place.
- Maggie!
(man laughing)
- [Maggie] What's going on baby?
- Lou and I are being made.
- [Maggie] What?
- Thanks Boss. thanks.
- [Maggie] Oh my god.
(soft piano music)
- Louis. I'm sorry your father
couldn't be here to see this.
He was a good man.
- Yeah. yeah he was.
I really miss him.
- Yeah. he'd be proud. I know it.
- It's hard to tell what
could've. should've been.
but one things for sure.
Mancini really plays his cards
close to the chest.
♪ Sometimes an angel ♪
♪ Slips out the back door of heaven ♪
♪ Comes down to earth. just to visit man ♪
♪ I should know ♪
♪ 'Cause I can see ♪
♪ When I look at you ♪
♪ Not fooling me ♪
♪ You're my angel ♪
♪ You're my ♪
(upbeat music)
- I only heard stories
about this as a kid.
Never did I think I'd actually
get to be a part of it.
It was the highest honor to
be inducted as a wise guy.
Ceremony that dates back all the way
to the founders in Sicily.
Grand enough to befit a king.
With an almost spiritual undertone.
Unlike anything I've ever seen before.
- We are gathered here
today to bear witness
to the making of two new family members.
I feel like they're my own sons.
This is not a ritual we choose lightly.
There has been many years
since a worthy soul has come forth.
Today my family. we have two righteous men
ready to take that pledge.
Louis Soreno and Jeffery Torin.
Both have seen much loss in
our senseless war for power.
Louis. with his father and his brother.
Jeffery. with his two older brothers.
Nothing is greater than a united front.
That's why both families are here today.
Paul and Francis. and their two knights.
Paul. please choose Lou's saint.
- [Lou] Paul Degorgio.
one of the most feared
higher ups in the New York crime family.
He was appointed at a young age top run
the Pittsburgh faction because
of his ruthless demeanor
and no nonsense attitude.
He once had his entire crew
killed and their families.
for not bringing back all
the money from a bank heist.
They say he's mellowed out with age.
but I wouldn't test him.
- Wisely chosen. St George.
the patron saint of courage.
He was in a battle between
good and evil. good won.
Frank. please choose Jeffery's saint.
- [Lou] Frank Trimbou. direct
connection of the Chicago
crime family through
the Cleveland faction.
He was responsible for
ordering dozens of car bombings
throughout Youngstown during
the feud between the families.
Motherfucker practically
coined the phrase.
Youngstown tune-up by himself.
This guy. he was a real son-of-a-bitch.
- St Thomas Becket. the
patron saint of wealth.
He rose to power and
riches. but was cut down
by the king's men before his time.
Paul. Frank. as a baby. you
were baptized by your parents
into the Catholic faith.
But today we baptize you
into the family by blood.
(Jeffery gasping)
Paul. Frank. this drop of blood
symbolizes your birth into the family.
We are one until death.
(dramatic music)
This flame symbolizes your flesh.
As the saint burns. so will burn your soul
if you betray this family.
You enter here freely. but
only leave through death.
There are five rules that all
most follow in the family.
Number one. be loyal.
Number two. be rational.
Number three. be a man of honor.
Number four. be a stand out guy.
And finally number five. show some class
and be independent.
In front of you both
sits the gun and dagger.
These are yours to carry at all times.
You enter the family by gun and dagger.
you protect the family by gun and dagger.
you shall die by gun and dagger.
Lou. Jeffery. welcome to the family.
(everyone clapping)
(soft jazzy music)
- So Louie. how you enjoying
it here in Youngstown?
- Well you know things are--
- He's been working so
hard I hardly see him.
- [Paul] I'm sure his
father would be proud.
- No. actually he wouldn't.
What do have him doing exactly?
- Ma. please.
- Oh. well what he needs is a good woman
to take care of him.
Lord knows he's lost without one.
All right. all right. I'll shut up.
- No. no. no. that's quite
all right. Mrs. Soreno.
I really appreciate
the inside information.
Otherwise I'd never hear anything at all.
Besides. like your husband.
every prince needs a princess.
But. not every king needs a queen.
At least in my opinion.
Continue please.
- Well. things have been.
they've been running smoothly.
Except for a few loose
screws in the machine
that Mr. Mancini had us fix.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
yeah. I heard about that.
That's a good thing we caught it early.
So Lou. let me ask you something.
How do you feel the
operation is running now?
Do you feel that we're
getting you properly prepared
for future involvement?
- Yeah. yeah. I guess so.
- The reason I'm asking
is because New York's
been pushing harder for more involvement.
They feel the situation
needs to be a little more
equitable than it currently is.
while still giving Vito his
leash. of course for now.
(glass chiming)
- After speaking with my wife and Francis
over the past few months. we decided
this would be a good time
to look into retirement.
I have been given control of this town
for nearly three decades. it's
time to give over the reigns
to a close personal family friend of ours.
I would like to announce my
successor. Jeffery Torin.
(everyone clapping)
(everyone cheering)
(Vito laughing)
Come here. come here.
- Hey. hey. hey that's
excuse me. excuse me.
(speaking in foreign language)
Francis. don't you guys think
you should've spoke to me
before making this little announcement?
- What do you mean Mr. Degorgio. huh?
- It was our original understanding
that a successor was to be named
by the person in charge at the time.
For he would best know
who was competent enough to take over.
- Oh. as you wish.
Mr. Torin. congratulations. I
wanna wish you all the luck.
- Thank you.
- Let's get the fuck outta here.
- Hey. you coming out tonight right?
- [Lou] Yeah. yeah. yeah. I guess so.
- What do you mean. you guess so?
What do you mean. and
don't make me order you.
- [Lou] Are you gonna play
that card already. come on now.
Come on.
(men laughing)
- I just want you to
come out and celebrate.
That's it. that's all I'm asking.
- Yeah. I know. I know.
I just gotta take her home
and I'll be out. okay?
- Hey Ms. Soreno. how are you?
I'll see you tonight. all right?
- Sounds good.
- Love you so much. thank you.
- [Lou] Hey. come here brother.
one more time for last night.
- I know. you deserved
it Lou. you deserved it.
- See you.
(thunder crackling)
It was supposed to be a day for me
to have a go down in
the book of the family
dating all the way back to Sicily.
but honestly. it felt like I was
an even bigger social outcast.
I could feel the tension in the family
brewing even deeper than before.
Now he was planning to
make a move. but what?
Now he certainly had that look.
The kinda look of a man that
you knew you couldn't trust.
(upbeat music)
Nope.
- [Man] Ooh. funny.
- [Jeff] Stop. love you.
- [Damn] Damn. here you go Jeff.
- [Jeff] Thank you. Lou.
- [Lou] It's a double.
- Thank you. Lou.
Lou. your pops would be
so proud of you brother.
You really made something of yourself.
- Hey. your brothers would be too. pal.
We've really come a long way.
- Yes we have.
You know. I wish my pops were around
right about now too.
So I could bash his
fucking skull in myself.
He put my mom through so much shit.
- [Lou] Hey. I'm sorry 'bout that. bro.
And your brothers too.
- Don't be. we got each other now.
- [Men] Whoo!
- And this beautiful
chick on stage right now.
- [Man] Whoo. yeah!
(men catcalling)
- [Jeff] Oh my god. get over here.
This chick.
Lou. did you see that fucking move?
Oh my god. look at these
titties. I love you.
Now why the fuck can't Maggie do that?
Do that and I'll be home on
my hands and knees every night
begging for fucking (yelling). whoo!
- [Both] Ass like a 10 year old boy.
- [Jeff] Whoo!
- Gotta love Bill Paxton.
- [Jeff] He's in everything.
(Lou laughing)
- Hey. so speaking about Maggie.
how's she been?
See seemed kinda pissed off
at the ceremony this morning.
- Yeah. she was giving
me some line of bullshit
like she didn't feel like going.
Even went as far as puking this morning.
act like she was sick.
- What?
- Fucking pissed about something.
Such a grudge holder.
Gives me the shit about
the formal family bullshit.
she hates that stuff.
Like how Diane practically
eye fucks the shit outta Vito
every waking second.
- [Lou] Yeah. you notice that too?
- Speak of the devil.
How Vito lucked into that.
I'll never fucking know.
Boss.
- Lou. Jeff. what are
you doing down here Jeff?
- I was just. celebrating huh. I guess.
- You can't celebrate down here. Jeff.
These lovely ladies
are gonna help you out.
- Thank you. Mr. Mancini.
- We'll take good care of him.
- I bet you will.
- [Jeff] Am I. oh shit. be right back.
(upbeat rock music)
Shit!
(laughs) Holy shit!
- Hey. hey. hey. you're
next. you know. (laughs)
- Ooh. can I help?
- Oh baby. anything you want.
- I wanna give him
something to remember me by.
- Ooh. oh she's calling in begging.
- Hey. I really can't Vito.
- Yeah the fuck you can.
And that's till mister to you. you prick.
Just because you're made now.
doesn't mean you get to disobey orders.
- I'm sorry. Mr. Mancini.
- I bet you are. but you
need to apologize to Diane.
- Mrs. Mancini. I'm sorry.
- That's okay. really.
- It's just. I recently found someone
that I really connect with her.
- [Diane] That's so cute.
- She ain't here right now. okay.
Don't start acting like your father
and being all higher than thou art.
You're one of us.
- [Lou] I'll be right back.
Gonna get some fresh air.
- [Vito] Oh well. you
better hurry on back.
I don't know how long I can contain
this sexual firecracker on top of me.
(Jeff vocalizing)
- Do you like that. Daddy?
- I love it. Mommy.
Lou. look at me now. baby!
Look at me now. Louie!
I'm the boss. I'm the boss. whoo!
- Oh. I'm sorry.
- That's okay.
- I just didn't see you there.
Do you need a light?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- [Lou] Thank you.
- So word is. you've been made.
- Yeah. it's no big deal.
- What's poking through those
pants seems to beg to differ.
Anyways. my boss tells me
I need to make this night
special for you guys.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah. does Mr. Soreno
wanna come out and play?
- Oh babe. thank you. but I can't.
- Oh sure you can. Big Time.
Well. she's a lucky. lucky girl then.
- Who?
- You know who.
Most guys don't give a shit
about their wives or
girlfriends that come in here.
Well. since you're not
made. I'll take the lighter.
- [Lou] Hey. how do you
know I'm not single.
- Because most single men
can't refuse my touch.
You should go see her.
Good guys like you
shouldn't be here anyway.
- Hey. thanks.
It's about time I made a change
in my life. for the better.
There she is.
(sighs) A wave of relief hits me
when she recognizes my mug.
Oh man.
- I didn't expect to see you here so soon.
- Yeah. it's been a little hectic. sorry.
- Sorry.
- It's okay. it's better
that I'm now here with you.
- (chuckles) I thought
you were on the outs.
- Yeah. that's a little complicated now.
- Complicated.
- Well I mean.
- Oh my god. like what
happened to your hands?
- It's a family ritual.
- [Wendy] It's more like demonic.
- Oh no.
- Really. just cover it.
I don't want to look at it.
- Fine.
Thank you.
- So you really enjoy working for the mob?
- Well...
- You think I'm that stupid?
- I mean I couldn't tell you.
- You are. I mean the way
you guys walked around
this place in your fancy
suits. the late nights.
and the owner seemed to only be scared
when the two of you were around.
- He doesn't have anything
to be scared about.
He pays for protection.
- Protection from what?
What was that for?
- For fixing my hand.
Plus I like you. Wendy. a lot.
I've been wanting to kiss
you since the waterfall.
- Well why didn't you?
- I don't know. I was scared.
I've never met anyone like you.
plus you look sexy as hell.
- I thought I'd find you here.
- Not now. dickhead.
If I throw a stick. will you leave?
- Why are you here.
you're missing all the fun
with the fam down at the nudy club.
- [Lou] Don't you two
vampires have someone
else's leg to hum?
- Ooh. better watch out
Charles. he's a wise guy now.
- Ooh. he's got me quaking in my boots.
(agents laughing)
- [Lou] Look asshole. I've
had about enough of your...
- [Agent] Where the hell
did this gorilla come from?
- [Agent] Yeah actually
the zoo just called
and you're due back by nine.
(upbeat music)
- Well who the fuck are you?
We were having a conversation
here before you barged in.
- I gotta go. Wendy.
- Wait Lou. where are you going?
- I'm sorry.
- [Agent] Yeah okay. well
nice talking to you drago.
- They're on your ass now boy.
(agents laughing)
Can I get two coffees over here?
- Normally a car ride somewhere
with two members of the family.
I say I have a 95% chance of coming back.
But with the feds there. it's 50/50.
You gotta go where you're
told when Degorgio asks.
My mom and dad used to live in Pittsburgh.
They had a house up in Troy Hill.
Man. I wonder if it's even still standing.
But a lot has changed since then.
and a lot'll continue to change.
The dismal tide that washes over us all.
- [Paul] Immaculate isn't it?
- Yes. it truly is.
- I mean this could all be yours one day
if things continue like
they are in New York.
But for now you've got
Youngstown to deal with.
- [Lou] What do you mean. sir?
- I just got off the
phone with management.
and they're flying me in
to discuss the future.
It's even necessary you take
charge before we lose it again
for another few decades.
- Well Mancini already
named his successor.
- [Paul] Yeah. without our blessings.
- [Lou] But how are we--
- Okay. no need to concern
yourself with that. okay?
We want to be the first to let
you know. no more surprises.
- Thank you Mr. Degorgio.
- Don't be too thrilled. huh kid.
- I am. just a shock.
Does Jeff know about this yet?
- There's no need to concern
yourself with Jeff. okay?
He'll be asked to step
down. it's just politics.
- But what if he doesn't?
- (scoffs) Oh yeah. he will.
- Mr. Degorgio. Jeff's my friend.
He's been my friend my entire life.
- Louie. you need to
think about your future.
Okay. every action has a consequence.
Every wise guy knows this. every.
Let's say that somebody was
to intervene in my plans.
well I might not be able to protect them
or their loved ones.
Now I don't like it. but it's
the cost of doing business.
- Well you won't find me
standing in your way. sir.
- Good. why don't we go get a drink?
I'd like to hash a couple
of things over with you.
- Okay.
(soft jazzy music)
Then we usually take the case over to Vic.
he's the one that sends it on out.
That's pretty much how Mancini
has us run collections.
- I see. I'll have Marco here
swing by and pick you up.
run you through the new process.
It's much more efficient.
- Thank you.
Ooh.
- So. my sources tell me
that you've been having some trouble
with the feds around town lately.
Is that true?
- Well yeah. they are pretty persistent.
But I haven't told 'em a thing.
- Don't worry 'bout that.
you're third generation capos.
Consider that situation taken care of.
- We don't need somebody snooping around.
sticking their big nose
where it don't belong.
Especially the new boss in town.
- [Lou] I noticed how the
feds were off putting.
- In this case New York is
gonna make an exception.
Hey Louie. let me ask you something.
You got a girlfriend or a
fiance or something like that.
that I don't know about?
I mean these things can be a distraction.
- No. sir.
- Good. just checking.
- Well you know. I mean nobody consistent.
- [Marco] Yeah. I bet
you don't. lover boy.
- Why don't you like the adults talk.
It's best to keep your love
life out of this business.
- [Marco] Yeah. you don't
wanna let the broads
get you all twisted up inside.
Mr. Degorgio. sir with all due respect.
won't don't you tell Mr. Soreno here.
why. why you didn't get married.
(glass banging)
- Was I fucking talking to you?
Was I talking to you?
- No. but I was talking--
- Well then shut the fuck up.
Go sit at the fucking
kids table right now.
Stupid fucking idiot. get outta here.
Hey Lou. you don't mind
if I call you Lou. do you?
Let me tall you a little
something about the broads. okay?
You get involved with
'em. everything's good.
then next thing you know.
they take you for
everything you fucking got.
Everything. they leave you with nothing.
And I've fucking seen it. I...
(laughs) Yeah. I know. yeah.
Lighten up kid. you'll
have your time in the sun
with no pesky interruptions.
- Thank you. Mr. Degorgio. thank you.
- Sure thing kid.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. where you going?
- I gotta hit the head.
I'll be back. sir.
- Fuck.
- [Valet] Yo. hey!
(upbeat music)
- [Jeff] I'm the fucking king
now. I'm the fucking boss.
You're the boss. I'm the second boss.
(mancini laughing)
(tires squealing)
- Where's Jeff?
You?
- You're back. told you. you
couldn't resist my touch.
- Don't flatter yourself. where's Jeff?
- Listen. I'm paying for this. buddy.
- Jesus Louie. this a paying customer.
- Fuck him.
Where is he?
- I don't know. he left
with the older man.
with the girl in the red dress.
Hey. he said something about
taking the party back to his place.
- [Vito] It's good to be back
in our neck of the woods.
- Surely. I'm exhausted.
- Not yet you're not.
In all seriousness you need
to go home to your wife.
- Flowers and chocolates
would be a nice touch.
- Show here you care about her tonight.
Fun and games are over.
Jeff. school's out.
You'll find having a
strong woman beside you
helps ease your mind. keep your cool.
now more than ever.
Now. go home and fuck your wife.
It'll do you a lot of good.
- What are you gonna do. Mr. Mancini?
- Oh me. if she can
hear me coming already.
(Vito groaning)
(men laughing)
- Have fun Mr. Mancini.
Vito. have fun. Vito.
- All right. see ya.
Well. where's my pussy?
Where's my pussy?
- [Lou] Fuck.
- [Vito] You're not gonna take my wife.
(gun banging)
You son-of-a-bitch!
- [Lou] Mr. Mancini. it's me Lou.
- [Vito] Lou!
- [Lou] Yeah!
- [Vito] Help me get
Diane out. she been shot.
Louie. come on. help me get her out.
- [Lou] Oh fuck.
- [Vito] She been shot.
Oh no. no. no. oh my poor sweet Diane.
Oh. who did this. oh Diane.
- What happened?
- That prick. Degorgio.
He sent that fuck to finish us off.
He wants control.
- Come on. let me help you up.
- [Vito] No. no. no.
I'm pretty well bugged.
- Mr. Mancini. don't say that.
Come on. the ambulance is coming.
- No don't fucking call
'em. don't call 'em.
I don't deserve their respect.
- What?
- Louie. Louie there's
something I need to tell you.
- [Louie] That can wait. come on.
- No you need to know. you need to know.
20 years ago. I followed orders
to have your dad taken out.
(suspenseful music)
- What. no.
So it's. it's true?
- Yeah.
- No.
- Your dad and I were friends. Lou.
He stepped on too many toes.
I lived with that anguish
since that night. Lou.
I tried to pay back what
I could and reconcile
to you and your Ma.
But a debt like that
could never be repaid.
Forgive me. son.
Forgive me.
- Don't you fucking call me son.
I fucking looked up to you.
- Do me one final justice.
I can't live without Diane.
No. I can't live without her.
I want you to shoot me. shoot me Lou.
Do it!
- No.
- Do it!
Do it. don't e a fucking
pussy like your father!
- Fine!
(gun banging)
- Shit. shit. you shot
me in the fucking leg!
- You wanted me to shoot you.
- [Vito] Not in the fucking leg!
- You worthless fucking coward.
You motherfucker. if I would have shot you
in that fucked up. corrupt brain of yours.
you never would have been able to live
for the fucked up shit
you don't to everybody.
- Yeah. I gave you every reason.
End me now. Lou.
So why. Lou?
Louie. Louie!
Louie. please.
Louie. Lou!
(dramatic music)
(sirens wailing)
- [Louis] Oh fuck. Jeff. oh fuck.
- [Jeff] How are you?
- [Clerk] Good. so who's the lucky lady?
- My wife. it's a surprise.
What do you got here?
- [Clerk] Um. how 'bout these ones?
- If you say so. let me smell 'em.
Ah. these are definitely to die for.
You know what. keep the change.
- [Clerk] Thank you.
Good luck with your wife.
- Thank you.
- [Clerk] Good night.
(dramatic music)
(Jeff humming)
- [Maggie] It's about time you got home.
- You must be feeling better honey bunny.
You're still up. eh.
- Turns out. I'm not even sick. Daddy.
- [Jeff] You're fucking kidding me.
- No.
- Oh my god!
(gun banging)
(Maggie screaming)
(clock ticking)
- Maggie. call for help.
It's all right. brother.
help is on the way.
(Jeff coughing)
- Widows and orphans.
- [Louie] What?
- [Jeff] Is that bullets.
After you left. Lou. Vito said orphans.
- Everything is gonna be okay.
Don't you worry. you can't leave me now.
You gotta be here for me and Timmy.
- Timmy. Timmy. I like that.
- No. no. no. no. no. no.
Goddammit Jeffery. you're
a fighter. so fight!
No! (sobbing)
- Fuck.
Maggie. I'm sorry.
- Go. just go.
(Maggie sobbing)
- I remember in that moment.
not fully understanding
what Jeff meant. until all
the pieces came together.
Jeff. he was adding to
a long list of widows
and orphans that his
life leads in its wake.
Him. me. even DeFrange's wife and kids.
I mean hell. even the fathers that live.
they're not really there.
That is when I knew. I had to get out.
(sirens wailing)
Hey.
- Hey. what happened to you?
Do you wanna come in?
- I hope it's okay. me
coming over like this.
- Sure. I was up anyway.
Can I get you a drink or something?
- No. I'm okay.
[Wendy] So...
- So...
- Do I have to drag it out of you?
- I gotta call. I had to be somewhere.
- [Wendy] Just leave at the drop of a hat.
- Yeah. seems so.
They. uh. want me to
take over. in Youngstown.
They fucking killed Jeff.
- What?
- Yeah.
They put a hit on him.
shot him right in front
of his fucking wife.
- What?
- Hell. there's more.
- No Lou. I don't wanna know more.
This is so crazy.
- I'm not who you think I am. Wendy.
I'm not a good person.
I've hurt a lot of people
for some bullshit cause.
- It's not about what you've done okay.
it matters who you are now.
And you are a good person.
I've always seen that in you.
- [Louie] No. I'm really not.
- Yes. you are.
- It's just. you don't--
- I don't nothing. it's what
you want in this life now.
That's what matters.
- All I want is you.
- Of course you want me.
- I remember once when I was a kid.
I was up in the loft of our
barn playing with my brother.
it was just us.
My dad was out by the lake
and he was fixing the fence.
I remember 'cause I took a breath
and I wanted to see the horses.
I saw my mom taking a
drink. she sat it down.
and he just grabbed her by the waist
and lifted her up and kissed her.
They went sat by the water
and they were just so happy.
Not a care in the world.
I was thinking. that's exactly how I feel
when I'm with you.
- [Wendy] Really?
- Yeah. all this bad shit
that keeps happening.
I don't care about any
of it when I'm with you.
- [Wendy] I'm really sorry.
- For what?
(dramatic music)
- [Wendy] What were you
thinking about just now?
- [Louie] Run away with me. Wendy.
- (chuckles) What. where?
- I'm serious. we can go right now.
- You're crazy. Lou.
- We could start a new life together.
Just you. me. my mom.
- Oh my gosh. your mom. I
haven't even met her yet.
- Well I can't just leave her.
We can remedy that today.
- What about my horses?
- They could come too.
- (laughs) Really?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Okay. what?
- All right. let's do it.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- All right. you're not gonna regret this.
- I'm sure I won't.
- What's that supposed to mean.
- What do you mean. what's
that supposed to mean?
(dramatic music)
- You sure you wanna do this?
- Of course.
- Okay. I'm just warning you.
she can be a little abrasive at times.
- Yeah. I think I can manage. (laughs)
- [Louie] You excited?
- [Wendy] Yeah.
- I feel like a captain abandoning ship.
leaving my best friend here to die.
The way I see it. there's only two roads
out of this godforsaken town.
One towards Paul Degorgio and the other.
where she's right by my side.
You take your pick.
Last chance.
(both laughing)
- Where the hell have you been?
The cops have kept me up all night
with flashing lights and
did you hear about Jeff?
Oh. (laughs) well I didn't
know you brought home a stray.
Are you gonna introduce me?
It isn't often we get some company coming.
- Mom. this is Wendy.
- Pleasure.
- Oh. well the pleasure's all mine.
Believe me. please come in.
- Thank you.
- Straight back this way.
- Wow. your place is really nice.
- Aww. thanks.
We're gonna have to talk later.
- Okay.
- It isn't often Louis brings
somebody home for a visit.
- [Wendy] You mind if I use your bathroom?
- Oh sure. it's just down the hall.
first door on the left.
- Left.
- So Lou. what's really going on here?
I mean it's not like I don't mind a visit
from my son and his girlfriend.
- Mom. after everything
that's been going on
in the past few days. I can't stay.
I can't keep living this
life that's not my own.
- [Mom] I'm so glad you realize that.
- Wendy and I. we decided to get out now.
And while we still can.
I want you to come with us.
- You think it's just a
fucking fairy tale ending?
- But Dad always wanted us to get out.
- Dad wanted you alive. Louis. alive.
- Mom. I am alive. right now!
- I'm not sure what he's
told you about what he does
or did. but 24 hours ago
he swore a fucking blood oath
to those fucking vampires.
- Mom. it's going away--
- Mom nothing. do you think
they're gonna forget about you?
- I can't keep working
for that fucking murderous psychopath.
- No. and I don't want you to either.
But. I don't know what
to do. I really don't.
But I know that if you run.
you'll never be safe from the
family or the cops. (sighs)
- Well then. will you still
just come with us for a few days?
Let everything blow over.
It'll give me time to come
up with some kind of a plan.
- Okay. sure. sure.
There's nothing I wouldn't
do for my little boy.
But. we better get going.
It's already dark and they're probably
coming for you sooner. rather than later.
- [Louie] Well.
- I just have to get my things around.
So you think you can go to the attic
and grab me a suitcase?
- [Louie] Yeah sure. Ma.
- Okay great.
It should be up there somewhere honey.
I haven't been up there in ages.
(dramatic music)
- [Wendy] Do you need any help. Lou?
- No. I've got 'em.
Coming down now.
- [Ma] You know we
should get some supplies
before we head out.
(Wendy murmuring)
- Maybe this one. ooh so sexy.
(Ma sighing)
- Where else do you wanna go?
- Uh. I've always been
particular on a beach.
Especially since I've only
seen it on TV when I was a kid.
- [Wendy] So how do you
know you'll like it?
- [Louie] Because I get to see
you in a bikini all the time.
- (laughs) Check things out.
- [Louie] Yeah.
Anything to get you outta those clothes.
(Wendy chuckling)
- [Louie] Here. for you.
- [Wendy] Thank you.
- [Louie] Mom. we're back.
- [Wendy] Oh my god. Lou.
- [Louie] Mom. no Mom!
- Tell me you did it.
Get the fuck outta here.
(sighs) I would have
killed to see the look
on the cocksucker Mancini's
face when it went down.
(laughs)
That's the price of power.
I gotta miss out on all the fun.
This is for you. that's
yours. you've earned it.
Oh. and I sweetened the deal a little bit
for taking care of the
suits and Mrs. Soreno.
Yeah. I know how you
feel about the contracts
involving broads. but can't
have her pulling Louie
out of operations. can't have it.
A woman's work is never done.
(laughs) But in her case. I'd say it is.
Oh my god.
You don't have a problem with that. right?
Rob. you don't have a problem here right?
Good. let's consider this
contract closed then.
I got a plane picking me up
to go to Long Island in two hours.
Oh Rob. I got a couple more
gifts for you out by the pool.
(dramatic music)
- Lucky bastard. huh?
- Yep. he show the fuck is.
- [Wendy] Louie. we have to call somebody.
- Who?
- [Wendy] I don't know. a priest.
the fucking cops. an ambulance.
- We do that and we're both dead.
Well we are. they own the fucking cops.
They own everything in this fucking town.
- [Wendy] We can't leave her here.
- No fucking shit!
I'm sorry. I just...
Can you hand me that towel?
Stay here. I'll be right back.
You bet your ass.
- You're not gonna tell me
what you're doing. are you?
- Call this number.
- FBI. that's it. you're
not even a goodbye?
You're just like my father.
- What do you want me to say. Wendy?
That I'm sorry?
Okay. I'm fucking sorry
for getting you involved.
- You're a fucking asshole!
Fuck you.
- You want me to tell you that I'm scared?
I'm scared. but what do
you do with the dead?
You bury 'em. that's it. you move on.
But if I come back and I
walk through that door.
you'll know that
everything's gonna be okay.
I've only got one chance
at keeping us safe.
(Wendy sobbing)
If not. well then say goodbye.
- No. no.(sobbing)
- At least know one thing.
I've always loved you.
Okay. every since the
first time in the diner.
A lot's changed in our lives.
but the greatest thing's been you.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- I'm so scared. I don't know what to do.
I love you.
- Hey. hey. hey.
everything's gonna be okay.
Okay. I promise.
Call.
(phone ringing)
- [Charles] Charles
Finley. FBI. who's calling?
Hello?
- Um. this is gonna sound crazy. um.
- I've been pushed. now
I have to push back.
Now I'll know this'll
probably be a one-way trip.
but I've gotta end this once and for all.
- Excuse me. Mr. Degorgio.
Your car's ready and your
plane's being fueled as we speak.
- Good. thank you Marco. I'll
meet you right out there.
I gotta take care of a
couple things right here.
- [Marco] Yes. sir.
- Eh. you can never be too careful. huh.
(man grunting)
- I want to talk to you
about that situation the other night.
- That situation.
- Yeah. a fucking mess.
- Mess indeed.
- It's bad for business
Marco. which got me thinking.
Maybe next time I send you to do the job
instead of contracting out to some joker.
- Really? (speaking in foreign language)
Mr. Degorgio. I'd be honored. sir.
- Ah. (speaking in foreign
language). I bet you would.
You know where have all the real men gone?
We've raised such a pussy generation.
I gotta contract out every single time
for a new set of balls
and it's wearing me thin.
But. I got a good feeling about tonight.
Marco. I got a good feeling.
- Yeah. me too.
(upbeat music)
- Catch the Fires game last night?
- [Gangster] Yeah. how 'bout that turn
from right field to third?
- Beautiful.
- I'ma go check the south gate.
♪ Gonna lay down my sword and shield ♪
♪ Down by the riverside ♪
- [Louie] Get up. get up!
(gun banging)
♪ I ain't gonna ♪
♪ Study war no more ♪
♪ Ain't gonna study war no more ♪
♪ I ain't gonna study war no more ♪
♪ Ain't gonna study ♪
- Sir.
- Fred.
♪ War no more ♪
- Fred. how's the wife?
- Pregnant again.
(men laughing)
- [Paul] Well. lucky you.
How many does that make now?
- [Fred] Three.
- [Paul] Three?
- Yes. sir.
- Man.
(gun banging)
(Paul groaning)
(Paul yelling)
Go. go. go!
♪ I ain't gonna study war no more ♪
♪ Ain't gonna study war no more ♪
(men grunting)
♪ I'm gonna walk with
the prince of peace ♪
(gun banging)
♪ Down by the riverside ♪
♪ I'm gonna walk with
the prince of peace ♪
♪ Down by the riverside ♪
♪ And study war no more ♪
(gun banging)
♪ I ain't gonna study war no more ♪
- [Paul] Hey Lou!
♪ Ain't gonna study war no more ♪
- [Paul] Fuck in the balls. get the heart!
Don't leave out now!
♪ I ain't gonna study war no more ♪
♪ Ain't gonna study war no more ♪
- [Paul] Hey Louis!
♪ No more ♪
- Whatever you're doing here.
we haven't yet reached
the point of no return.
- What the fuck do you think?
I was gonna let you go after
you killed Jeff and my mom?
- What you want me to do?
- Fucking shoot him. shoot him.
what am I paying you for. shoot him.
(gun banging)
Hey wait a minute.
I didn't have your mother killed.
- Then why the fuck is she dead?
(gun banging)
You're gonna have to
take that up with Rob.
He's a loose cannon. I
can't control his actions.
- You're just gonna have
to pay for 'em then.
(gun banging)
- You sick fuck.
You just killed Fred.
- I thought it was you!
Fuck.
(gun banging)
(Paul breathing heavily)
- He was a father with two kids at home.
- So was my dad.
- Hey. wait a minute for fuck's sake.
we had nothing to do
with that. nothing. fuck.
- Yeah I know. it was Vito.
I guess I should thank you for that one.
(gun banging)
- Okay then. how about letting me go. huh?
How 'bout it?
(Louie laughing)
- No fucking chance!
(gun banging)
- [Paul] Hey Louie. I'm
trying to be reasonable here.
(Paul laughing)
You really think you're
gonna kill all my men.
Fucking do now. fuck.
- No. just you.
(gun banging)
- Where's Robert. Mr. Degorgio?
Sir. I think you gotta hand it.
- When he does. you make a
break for the corridor back.
you get me the fuck outta here.
- Yes. sir.
Hey Louie!
If you want me. you gotta
fucking come and get me!
(gun banging)
- No problem.
(upbeat music)
(Louie grunting)
(bones cracking)
(men grunting)
(gun banging)
- Just fucking do it. I
don't got nothing left.
(Paul yelling)
(tires squealing)
That fucking bastard.
Why?
(Rob coughing)
- Better hurry.
He's about to take the
red-eye out of here.
(sirens wailing)
- [Dispatcher] Arriving
officers. please be aware.
federal detectives in pursuit of suspects
leaving the facility.
Do not follow. secure the perimeter
and wait for S.W.A.T.
- Get me to the fucking
airport now. hurry.
Goddammit!
- How is it?
- It fucking hurts. what
do you mean how is it?
Fuck!
- [Marco] Okay we're coming
up. we're coming close.
- I should've whacked that
fuck when I had a chance.
- Oh fuck 'em. we'll get him.
We're gonna get that dirty son-of-a-bitch.
- [Paul] Okay. come on. come on. come on.
Let's go. let's go. go. go. go.
Come on. come on. come on.
All right I got it. I got it.
Fuck.
- Oh my god.
- [Paul] What are you doing?
- [Marco] Wait.
- [Paul] Come on!
- I'm coming fuck. hold on.
Go. go. go.
Ah. come on.
Get up. get up.
(Paul yelling)
Come on. come on.
- All right. all right. all right.
Let's get this thing in the air. let's go.
- [Pilot] Yes. sir.
- Marco. when we get up in the air.
I want you to go and get the med kit
from the back for me.
- Yes sir.
- I want you to get me
a doctor when we land.
- Yes sir.
- I swear to God if it's
the last thing I fucking do.
I'm gonna get that
son-of-a-bitch. I swear to God.
- I'm gonna blow his
motherfucking brains out.
(airplane engine roaring)
(sirens wailing)
- FBI.
- Louis. stop.
You're not gonna catch him now anyway.
Put the gun down and put
your hands behind your head.
- What for?
I can't just let him get away.
He fucking killed my
mom and my best friend.
My only friend.
My father was right. once they
sink their talons into you.
oh fuck. I wish I could
see him one more time.
So I could see how disappointed he is.
This place is like a lead
veil. suffocating you.
keeping you on the arm.
No one's safe. and it can't stay that way.
- It's up to you how this end's pal.
Do the smart thing here.
we'll bring him down together.
He killed my friend too.
He's not gonna get away
with it. if you help us.
- I'll do whatever I have to do.
Let's pull the whole
fucking steel curtain back.
- Good. I will.
So. Wendy seemed nice.
I didn't see her falling
for somebody like you.
but it didn't turn out half-bad.
(Louie grunting)
Oh. call an ambulance.
he's bleeding pretty bad.
You better hang your ass in there
if you wanna bring down
Degorgio and the rest of 'em.
- Fuck off. get me up.
- Here I thought you were
gonna puss out on me.
- (laughs) Fuck you.
(men laughing)
- That's the spirit.
Come on. let's go get Rambo patched up.
(upbeat music)
- The next few months.
things around town changed.
After I got out of the hospital.
I spend most of my time
in and out of witness protection
and testifying in court.
I've never seen so many
pissed off people in my life.
All in all. I single handedly brought down
two of the largest kingpins of our time.
Mancini and Degorgio.
Plus about 14 others.
but what did that get me?
Four years in the federal
pen. for what you ask?
Well. illegally possessing
an automatic firearm.
My dad's Tommy gun.
(man laughing)
And a whole slew of other
gun charge bullshit.
The fucking judge. he was no saint.
But. I guess it was a lot more
than Wendy could bargain for.
After only a few months.
she stopped visiting.
So now you're probably asking yourself.
is he really sorry for
everything that he's done?
Did I repay my debt to society?
I mean. I'm a bad guy right?
At least in your eyes anyways.
I killed. stole. lied.
and cheated for the mob.
not to mention I lost
my dad. mom. brother.
hell even my best friend.
But. hi mamacita.
So. the answer's pretty simple. fuck you.
how 'bout that?
(upbeat music)
(horn honking)
(movie reel clicking)